prefix k for constants in naming rules (#97)
cms-sw/cms-sw.github.io: cms_coding_rules.md

14. Do not use "\_" as ﬁrst character, except for user-defined suffixes (used in user-defined literals). Only use it as the last character for class data member names, not local variable names.
15. Do not use "\_\_".
16. Use clear and explanatory variable names.

> 17. For class/enum/struct/namespace/global scope constants prefix `k` is slightly preferred (this applies to what can be referred to as `TypeName::kConstantName` or `namespaceName::kConstantName`) . (\*)

Reviewer: From core sw meeting something along
```suggestion
17. For class/enum/struct/namespace/global scope constants prefix `k` is preferred for new sets of constants (this applies to what can be referred to as `TypeName::kConstantName` or `namespaceName::kConstantName`) . (\*) Allowed exception: existing sets of constants can continue to use different naming convention,
```
